Karakter ve kral taşı alama diyaloğu
Köy savaş alanı
Kalede kral karakteri kilisedeki boss'a gönderir
Karakter ve boss diyaloğu
Bitiş

PART 1

King Lohan: Welcome my dear savior! I have a real problem in my precious kingdom. And you are the one who must solve this. Only you can do this dangerous mission. What are you saying?

Knight Tabalor: Of course I can do this mission my lord. All you have to do is tell me what duty is about.

King Lohan: I'm so glad to hear that. Well, before you learn the contents of the quest, you need to go to the village of Rowland and get the magical Clestl stone. But be careful, the village is cursed and serious dangers will be waiting for you. After you get the stone, bring it to me and you will learn your true mission after that, my dear knight...

Knight Tabalor: All right my lord. I'll go my way.

PART 2

Knight Tabalor: Here's the stone you asked of me, my lord. Now, what is the main task you are going to tell me about?

King Lohan: Wow you found it. Now, old friend, I want you to listen to me very carefully. My evil brother, Creiton, whom I exiled thirty years ago, terrorizes my kingdom for vengeance. He acquired cursed powers in exile and he is now unrecognizable. This stone I asked you to bring, will take you to his place. Please, my precious knight, be careful. Don't underestimate him.

Knight Tabalor: I got this, my lord. You can trust me. My sword will be the last shiny thing he sees.

PART 3

Knight Tabalor: Hey Creiton! Come face me you traitor!

Creiton: Well well well, look who's here. Isn't this the Honorable Knight Tabalor? Oh yes, that's him. Ahahahaha... Let me guess, you came here to kill me right?

Knight Tabalor: You got it right you bastard.

Creiton: Oh no no no. My dear old friend, are you really sure that you are on the right side, do you really choose to be on the side of my brother, who is enjoying himself in his palace without making a sound while his people are starving and sometimes even being killed? If it's really your choice to be on this side, I will destroy you like everyone else in my way and restore this kingdom to the order it deserves.

Knight Tabalor: I don't question, it's just my honor to serve my king and you're my next target.

FINAL FIGHT...

PART 4

Knight Tabalor: Here, I killed him, my lord. ı made it.

King Lohan: Well done old friend. Now you can rest as an honorable knight. You saved the kingdom from a massacre. Thank you very much and good bye old friend, good bye...